docs/architecture/overview.md, before:

# Architecture Overview

```
src/
├── background/         # Service worker
│   └── index.ts       # Message routing, CDP sessions
├── cdp/               # Chrome DevTools Protocol
│   └── client.ts      # CDP client via chrome.debugger
├── bridge/            # Bridge client
│   └── client.ts      # WebSocket client to Python server
├── ai/                # AI integration
│   ├── builtin.ts     # Gemini Nano APIs
│   └── agent.ts       # Browser agent
├── content/           # Content script
│   └── index.ts       # DOM interaction
├── sidepanel/         # Side Panel UI
│   ├── sidepanel.html
│   ├── styles.css
│   └── index.ts
└── offscreen/         # Offscreen document
    └── index.ts       # Video recording, canvas ops
```

## Component Flow

```mermaid
graph TB
    A[Side Panel] --> B[Background Service Worker]
    B --> C[CDP Client]
    C --> D[Chrome Debugger API]
    B --> E[Bridge Client]
    E --> F[Python Bridge Server]
    F --> G[PraisonAI Agent]
```

## Key Components

### Background Service Worker
- Routes messages between components
- Manages CDP sessions per tab
- Handles bridge server connection

### CDP Client
- Attaches to tabs via `chrome.debugger`
- Executes actions via Chrome DevTools Protocol
- Captures page state and screenshots

### Bridge Client
- WebSocket connection to Python server
- Sends observations, receives actions
- Handles session lifecycle

Commit message:

feat: Implement persistent bridge connection via offscreen document, improve CDP text input, and update documentation for CLI-first agent mode.

docs/architecture/overview.md, after:

# Architecture Overview

```
src/
├── background/         # Service worker
│   └── index.ts       # Message routing, CDP sessions
├── cdp/               # Chrome DevTools Protocol
│   └── client.ts      # CDP client via chrome.debugger
├── bridge/            # Bridge client
│   └── client.ts      # WebSocket client to Python server
├── ai/                # AI integration
│   ├── builtin.ts     # Gemini Nano APIs (DISABLED for Agent mode)
│   └── agent.ts       # Browser agent (uses Bridge → Python server)
├── content/           # Content script
│   └── index.ts       # DOM interaction
├── sidepanel/         # Side Panel UI
│   ├── sidepanel.html
│   ├── styles.css
│   └── index.ts
└── offscreen/         # Offscreen document
    └── index.ts       # WebSocket bridge, video recording
```

> **Note:** Gemini Nano fallback is **disabled** for Agent mode because it's text-only and cannot process screenshots. The extension requires the PraisonAI bridge server for automation.


## Component Flow

```mermaid
graph TB
    A[Side Panel] --> B[Background Service Worker]
    B --> C[CDP Client]
    C --> D[Chrome Debugger API]
    B --> E[Bridge Client]
    E --> F[Python Bridge Server]
    F --> G[PraisonAI Agent]
```

## Key Components

### Background Service Worker
- Routes messages between components
- Manages CDP sessions per tab
- Handles bridge server connection

### CDP Client
- Attaches to tabs via `chrome.debugger`
- Executes actions via Chrome DevTools Protocol
- Captures page state and screenshots

### Bridge Client
- WebSocket connection to Python server
- Sends observations, receives actions
- Handles session lifecycle
